Update tag format for commentary. Add priority and source. (#103)
icpc/ccs-specs: Contest_API.md

Properties of commentary objects:

| Name          | Type            | Description
| :------------ | :-------------- | :----------
| id            | ID              | Identifier of the commentary.
| time          | TIME            | Time of the commentary message.
| contest\_time | RELTIME         | Contest time of the commentary message.

> | message       | string          | Commentary message text. May contain special tags refering to endpoint objects on the format `{<endpoint>:<object ID>}`. E.g. this is most commonly used for references to [teams](#teams) and [problems](#problems) as `{teams:<team ID>}` and `{problems:<problem ID>}` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| message       | string          | Commentary message text. May contain special tags referring to endpoint objects in the format `{<endpoint>:<object ID>}`. This is most commonly used for references to [teams](#teams) and [problems](#problems) as `{teams:<team ID>}` and `{problems:<problem ID>}` respectively.
```

Author: Huh... is it really "in the format" and not "on the format"?

Reviewer: I _think_ so, but I'm not a native speaker, so maybe @deboer-tim should decide :-)

Reviewer 2: Not sure I should be calling the shots given my grammar some days. :) IMHO 'in' is better than 'on', could also use 'with' or 'using'. Maybe 'using' is best?

Author: Fixed (with "using").

| tags          | array of string | JSON array of tags describing the message.

> | source_id     | ID ?            | Source [person](#persons) of the commentary message.

Reviewer: I didn't follow the previous discussion in detail, but if this is really a *person* (and not an automated system), then wouldn't `author_id` be a better name?

Reviewer 2: When this is set (many contests don't have person info) it would refer to the person who wrote it. Based on how we did clarifications this would be `from_person_id`, but `author_id` is probably the best of these three options.

Author: ...but it certainly *could* be a system.

Now, if it's only one system, and especially if it's "the system" (whatever that means) it would make sense to use `null`. E.g. this would be reasonable as source for all the automatic commentary that Kattis generates.

But what if we have multiple systems pushing up updates to commentary?

Reviewer: I'd be in favour to keep it simple and use `null` for system. Representing systems as persons sounds weird.

I think I also like `from_person_id` a bit better to be consistent with clarifications

Author: I don't think `from_person_id` is better. I suggest merging now as is, and we can discuss changes on the next meeting.

| team\_ids     | array of ID ?   | JSON array of [team](#teams) IDs the message is related to.
| problem\_ids  | array of ID ?   | JSON array of [problem](#problems) IDs the message is related to.

> For the message, if a literal `{` is needed, `\{` must be used. Similarly for literal `\`, `\\` must be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the message, if a literal `{` is needed, `\{` must be used. Similarly for a literal `\`, `\\` must be used.
```

Author: Fixed.

| id            | ID            | Identifier of the commentary.
| time          | TIME          | Time of the commentary message.
| contest\_time | RELTIME       | Contest time of the commentary message.
| message       | string        | Commentary message text. May contain special tags refering to endpoint objects on the format `{<endpoint>:<object ID>}`. E.g. this is most commonly used for references to [teams](#teams) and [problems](#problems) as `{teams:<team ID>}` and `{problems:<problem ID>}` respectively.
| priority      | number        | Importance of the commentary message. Higher value means more important. Intended to be used to filter messages.

> | source        | ID ?          | Source [person](#persons) of the commentary message. 

Reviewer: I think we should say something about the range of `priority`. Is `0` the lowest, or the default and can it go negative? What would be "top priority"?

| team\_ids     | array of ID ? | JSON array of [team](#teams) IDs the message is related to.
| problem\_ids  | array of ID ? | JSON array of [problem](#problems) IDs the message is related to.

> For the message, if an literal `{` is needed, `\{` must be used. Similarly for literal `\`, `\\` must be used.

Reviewer: Small typo fix

```suggestion
For the message, if a literal `{` is needed, `\{` must be used. Similarly for literal `\`, `\\` must be used.
```
